Clean up CoCo docs (#386)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: confidential-containers/supported-platforms.rst

     - 1.32 \+
   * - `NVIDIA GPU Operator <https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/gpu-operator/latest/index.html>`__ and its components.
       
       Refer to the :ref:`GPU Operator Component Matrix <gpuop:operator-component-matrix>` for the list of components and versions included in each release.
     - v26.3.1 and higher
   * - `Kata Containers <https://katacontainers.io/>`__
     - 3.29 (installed with ``kata-deploy`` Helm chart)
   * - `Key Broker Service (KBS) protocol <https://confidentialcontainers.org/docs/attestation/>`__
     - 0.4.0
   * - `Kata Lifecycle Manager <https://github.com/kata-containers/lifecycle-manager>`__
     - 0.1.4

> Additionally, `Red Hat OpenShift Sandboxed Containers <https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_sandboxed_containers/1.12>`__ version 1.12 is supported as a Technology Preview and not supported in production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users may leverage Red Hat OpenShift Sandboxed Containers 1.12 <https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_sandboxed_containers/1.12> to deploy Confidential Containers, however, Confidential GPU features are currently classified as Technology Preview by the downstream provider.
```

Author: updated! thanks!
